Yes?
I think you dropped this
money outside the building.
If I'm mistaken. I apologize.
No. no. no. please.
Okay.
Who are you?
Sit.
Thank you.
It was an honor to be
of service to you. sir.
You're hurt.
- I'll take care of it.
- As you wish.
Wait outside.
Hopefully. the fever will
break. Did the vomit stop?
I have a client.
so I have to go.
I'm very comfortable. Thank you.
You speak Arabic?
I do. Many years ago. I
spent time in Damascus.
When it was a great city...
before all the trouble.
I am from Damascus!
What is your name. my friend?
Munzer.
Blessings to you.
sir. Praise God.
Yes. please. It's so
wonderful to see you.
- How are Jorge and the kids?
- They're all well. sir. thank you.
Good.
- Good night.